Eight years.
Dad?
Mom
All the elders in your family
Learn to come back to see you
Thank you, I
Now it's done
Lonely night is wine
Wanting the night wind
A drop a cup
May the enemy go the same way
More suffering for the whole family
second cup
May the enemy bleed
High fall
Wrongful soul
This third cup
May the evil spirit be the culprit
From now on
Evil spirit early
Get ultrasound
Lu Xun took all his possessions
Hit Su Xueying's tent
Announcing 180,000 Imperial War God to make a pilgrimage to Beijing
Yes!
Ah!
Mom
Too late today.
I promise.
As soon as tomorrow arrives
Cher will count all her enemies as one
All killing
Sent to imperial power
Dear elders
Apology
The King of Lust suddenly violated the ban
Appeared in Yandu